Update github templates (#215)
alicenet/alicenet: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1-BUG-REPORT.md

# Bug description

<!--
Briefly describe the issue you are experiencing. Tell us what you were trying
to do and what happened instead. Remember, this is _not_ a place to ask

> questions. For that consider visiting AliceNet Discord: (https://www.google.com.br)! <!--todo:add link --->

Author: ```suggestion
questions. For that consider visiting AliceNet Discord: https://discord.gg/bkhW2KUWDu
```
